I am going to save what in the dance-off
was the most dynamic couple and it was
all showbiz flair and high kicks and
that's Jodi and Ian all right Paulina
who would you like to keep in Strictly
Come Dancing well obviously it's really
difficult but couple I'm going to save
because of the phenomenal improvement
spectacular improvement is Jodi and ear
it's to Milla
so if Bruno saves you Jodi and that
means you are through Bruno who do you
think deserves to be saved is incredible
to seeing such a short time somebody
that takes on comments comes back and
delivers a performance that really makes
me dance
that person is Jodi and the party
so he's gonna break goodbye to Gillian
and Anton